<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" /><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />

    <title>Selecting</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/pygments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/epub.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/css/epub_overrides.css" /> 
  </head><body>

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <section id="selecting">
<h1>Selecting</h1>
<p>The active sequence strip is displayed with a light outline.
The <em>entire</em> strip could be selected by clicking <kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">LMB</kbd> in the middle of the strip.</p>
<section id="select-menu">
<h2>Select Menu</h2>
<p>The Select menu lets you select strips in different ways.</p>
<dl class="simple" id="bpy-ops-sequencer-select-all">
<dt>All <kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">A</kbd></dt><dd><p>Selects all the strips in the timeline.</p>
</dd>
<dt>None <kbd class="kbd compound docutils literal notranslate"><kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">Alt</kbd>-<kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">A</kbd></kbd></dt><dd><p>Deselects all the strips in the timeline.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Invert <kbd class="kbd compound docutils literal notranslate"><kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">Ctrl</kbd>-<kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">I</kbd></kbd></dt><dd><p>Inverts the current selection.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
<dl class="simple" id="bpy-ops-sequencer-select-box">
<dt>Box Select <kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">B</kbd></dt><dd><p>See <a class="reference internal" href="../../../interface/selecting.xhtml#bpy-ops-select-box"><span class="std std-ref">Box Select</span></a>.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Box Select (Include Handles) <kbd class="kbd compound docutils literal notranslate"><kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">Ctrl</kbd>-<kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">B</kbd></kbd></dt><dd><p>Works like <em>Box Select</em>, but also selects any strip handles inside the box. If a strip has only
one handle selected, dragging it will change the strip’s length. (If both handles are selected,
the complete strip moves instead.)</p>
</dd>
</dl>
<dl id="bpy-ops-sequencer-select-grouped">
<dt>Select Grouped <kbd class="kbd compound docutils literal notranslate"><kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">Shift</kbd>-<kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">G</kbd></kbd></dt><dd><p>Select strips that are similar to the active strip. By default, unsimilar strips are
deselected, but this can be changed in the <a class="reference internal" href="../../../interface/undo_redo.xhtml#bpy-ops-screen-redo-last"><span class="std std-ref">Adjust Last Operation</span></a>
region.</p>
<dl class="simple">
<dt>Type</dt><dd><p>Select strips that have the same specific type as the active strip. For example,
if the active strip is a Movie strip, this selects all Movie strips.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Global Type</dt><dd><p>Select strips that have the same general type (graphics or audio) as the active strip.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Effect Type</dt><dd><p>If the active strip is an effect strip, selects all effect strips. Otherwise,
selects all non-effect strips. (Despite the name, this operator does not check
the effect type.)</p>
</dd>
<dt>Data</dt><dd><p>Select strips that use the same source (file, scene, movie clip or mask) as the active strip.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Effect</dt><dd><p>Find the effect types that are applied to the active strip, and select all strips that have
any of the same effect types applied to them. For example, if the active strip has a
Gaussian Blur effect on it, this will select all other strips that are also blurred.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Effect/Linked</dt><dd><p>Select strips that are on a lower channel than a selected strip and overlap it in time;
then, effect strips linked to the selected content strips; and finally, content strips
linked to the selected effect strips.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Overlap</dt><dd><p>Select strips that partially or completely overlap the active strip in time.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<span id="bpy-ops-sequencer-select-less"></span><span id="bpy-ops-sequencer-select-more"></span><dl class="simple" id="bpy-ops-sequencer-select-linked">
<dt>Select Linked</dt><dd><dl class="simple">
<dt>All <kbd class="kbd compound docutils literal notranslate"><kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">Ctrl</kbd>-<kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">L</kbd></kbd> / Less <kbd class="kbd compound docutils literal notranslate"><kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">Ctrl</kbd>-<kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">NumpadMinus</kbd></kbd> / More <kbd class="kbd compound docutils literal notranslate"><kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">Ctrl</kbd>-<kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">NumpadPlus</kbd></kbd></dt><dd><p>Add/remove neighboring strips to/from the selection.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<dl class="simple" id="bpy-ops-sequencer-select-side-of-frame">
<dt>Side of Frame</dt><dd><dl class="simple">
<dt>Left/Right <kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">[</kbd>/<kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">]</kbd></dt><dd><p>Select the strips that lie completely to the left or right of the current frame.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Current</dt><dd><p>Select the strips that intersect the current frame.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<dl class="simple" id="bpy-ops-sequencer-select-handles">
<dt>Handle</dt><dd><dl class="simple">
<dt>Both, Left, Right</dt><dd><p>Select the left, right, or both handles of the selected strips.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Both/Left/Right Neighbor</dt><dd><p>Select the handle of the neighboring strip to the left, right, or on both sides of the selected strips.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<dl class="simple" id="bpy-ops-sequencer-select-side">
<dt>Channel</dt><dd><p>Select all the strips that are in the same channels as the currently selected strips.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</section>
</section>


            <div class="clearer"></div>
          </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>